TV's also what I'm
to present below is a sign
that undoubtedly we should worry about
everyone is the way to tell you that the
society has something this society
is rotten and we have all that
work to restore the tissue
social there is a new tragedy that does not
is Chihuahua city Chihuahua a whole
family was murdered inside their
home including listen well
little ones under six years of age
gagged tied with cinnamon tape only
a survivor a scant baby
three months of birth despite the possible
mobile phones is not understood
feat of this multihomicide I say
something is wrong something is rotten we have
everyone to get to work is nothing
more fault of the authorities for
course there is no longer an ethics code anymore
there is no respect among murderers between
simple organized crime groups
and I just hate viciousness and this is what
what happened
Juarez city of new account goes through
a bitter drink 8 people were
lifeless located inside
an address of the zaragoza colony
morelos south of the city
the scene was secured by the police
municipal and ministerial agents of
according to the first investigations
the eight victims were killed
stabs in the heart experts
they located the victims with their hands
tied with duct tape thrown in
different parts of the house all of them
in the middle of puddles of blood
we did not hear anything did not hear anything did not look
car movements or anything this
of security we ask that there be more
security here because if we're with
fear
today it happened to them tomorrow maybe to
others or to oneself this
I personally am very sad
in fact last night they can not sleep from the
The sadness that the children gave me
it's about five adults and three
minors
the tragedy was discovered at noon
of Sunday when to people of his
religious congregation missed them
did not attend the church they went to
address located the bodies before
what happened the neighbors are afraid of
talk
even though the authorities say they have
identified to those responsible up to
the moment has not reported any
detained person the only survivor
of this massacre is a girl of three
months of need that was rescued by
a neighbor when the finding of
the bodies reported salvador gómez
to our YouTube channel so that
always be informed of the latest
news from mexico and the world starts
right now by clicking on these videos